Your website must be compatible with the latest stable up-to-date version of
Google Chrome and one additional web browser of your choice.
• The user should encounter no unhandled errors and no warnings when browsing the
website.
• Everything has to be launch by a single call to: docker-compose up --build


Users

Quand qqn se log avec 42 ou google ajouter son avatar sur notre site .

The user should be able to enable two-factor authentication. For instance,
Google Authenticator or sending a text message to their phone.

The user should be able to add other users as friends and see their current status
(online, offline, in a game, and so forth)

Stats (such as: wins and losses, ladder level, achievements, and so forth) have to
be displayed on the user profile.

Each user should have a Match History including 1v1 games, ladder, and any-
thing else useful. Anyone who is logged in should be able to consult it.



Chat

You also have to create a chat for your users:
• The user should be able to create channels (chat rooms) that can be either public,
or private, or protected by a password.
• The user should be able to send direct messages to other users.
• The user should be able to block other users. This way, they will see no more
messages from the account they blocked.
• The user who has created a new channel is automatically set as the channel owner
until they leave it.
◦ The channel owner can set a password required to access the channel, change
it, and also remove it.
◦ The channel owner is a channel administrator. They can set other users as
administrators.
◦ A user who is an administrator of a channel can kick, ban or mute (for a
limited time) other users, but not the channel owners.
• The user should be able to invite other users to play a Pong game through the chat
interface.
• The user should be able to access other players profiles through the chat interface.

Game

• It can be a canvas game, or it can be a game rendered in 3D, it can also be ugly,
but in any case, it must be faithful to the original Pong (1972).
• You must offer some customization options (for example, power-ups or different
maps). However, the user should be able to select a default version of the game
without any extra features if they want to.
• The game must be responsive!
Think about network issues, like unexpected disconnection or lag.
You have to offer the best user experience possible.